Frequently asked questions
What do I need to sign up for Western Union Digital Banking?
Getting started is easy, all you need is to download the Western Union Digital Banking app, follow the instructions on the screen and have your photo ID Card/Passport and your tax information at hand. To open a Western Union Digital Banking account, you need to be above 18 years old and currently reside in the country where Western Union Digital Banking is available. We do not currently support US citizens or business accounts.

What if I am an existing westernunion.com customer?
You are one step ahead already! Simply download the Western Union Digital Banking app and use your existing westernunion.com username (email) & password and follow the instructions on the screen. Your westernunion.com account will become inactive once you become a Western Union Digital Banking customer, and will remain so as long as you are a Western Union Digital Banking customer.

How do I add money to my Western Union Digital Banking account?
“You can add money to your Western Union Digital Banking account in a few different ways depending on your Western Union Digital Banking account level, the country you reside in and how quickly you want the money to arrive.

Money in minutes*
– Card: Use a 3rd party credit or debit card to add money to your account.

– Cash : To send cash to your account via a Western Union Money Transfer, please visit a Western Union agent location in the country you have registered your account in.

– Bank Transfer via SEPA Instant: Your Western Union Digital Banking accounts are SEPA Instant enabled. If a SEPA Instant transfer is sent to you, the money will be available in your account in seconds. 24/7, even after business hours or on weekends.

– Redirect an incoming Western Union Money Transfer: You can redirect a money transfer to be credited to your Western Union Digital Banking account.

Money typically available in 1 or 2 days*
– Bank Transfer: Transfer money from another bank account to your Western Union Digital Banking account. You can also make this payment recurring, so you have one less thing to manage.”

How can I send money from my Western Union Digital Banking account?
You can send money to another Western Union Digital Banking account, to a Western Union agent location for cash pick up, to a bank account, or to a mobile wallet account. Details on each are included below so you can pick the method that works best for you and your receiver.

Western Union Digital Banking Account: Sending money to another Western Union Digital Banking account is instant and fee-free** so tell your friends and family to open an account today. Once they have an account, you can add them as a contact and send money in a few taps.

Cash: Send money directly from your Western Union Digital Banking account for cash pick-up in minutes*** from over 600.000 Western Union agent locations around the world. Agent location count valid as of December 31, 2021.

Bank Account: Money can be sent directly to a bank accounts in 138 countries. Delivery timelines are dependent on the receiver’s country but money is generally available within a few days.

Mobile Wallet: If your receiver lives in a country where Western Union offers mobile money transfers, you can send money to their mobile phone in a matter of minutes. Make sure your receiver has activated a mobile wallet with one of the Western Union partner mobile operators in their country. Additional third party fees and interest charges may apply.

How can I spend the money in my Western Union Digital Banking account?
All Western Union Digital Banking account holders will get access to a free virtual Visa Platinum debit card for easy online shopping. Free physical Visa Platinum debit cards will be offered to standard Western Union Digital Banking account holders for a limited time (shipping fees may apply) and all Western Union Digital Banking Premium account holders will receive a free physical Visa Platinum debit card. Debit cards can be used for ATM withdrawals or for purchases at retail stores.

Visa Platinum debit cards come with a number of benefits services, including 24/7 emergency travel and medical assistance.

How can I save money and earn interest with Western Union Digital Banking?
Western Union Digital Banking helps you make the most of your hard-earned money with easy goal settings and interest-bearing accounts. You can find information about the current interest rates and other active promotions on our homepage or sections in the FAQ.

How can I get my Welcome Bonus?
New customers must open an account and complete the conditions outlined in the active promotion. You can find information about the active promotions on our homepage or sections in the FAQ.
For other questions or queries, please get in touch with Customer support.

Can I refer a friend to join Western Union Digital Banking?
Yes, you can refer others and receive a reward when the person you referred signs up for the account using your link and completes the conditions outlined in the active referral promotion. You can find information about the active promotions on our homepage or sections in the FAQ.
For other questions or queries, please get in touch with Customer support.

Promotion interference
If the active Promotion is interfered with in any way or is not capable of being conducted as reasonably anticipated due to any reason beyond the reasonable control of the Promoter, including but not limited to technical difficulties or failures, unauthorized intervention or fraud, vandalism, power failure, natural disasters, acts of God, civil unrest, strikes, infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter, which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness or integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion, the Promoter reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to the fullest extent permitted by law: (a) to disqualify any Eligible Participant with prior DTI Approval (b) subject to any written directions from a regulatory authority, to modify, suspend, terminate or cancel the promotion, as appropriate to give effect so far as reasonably possible to the original intent of this promotion.

Payments methods included in the active promotion
Deposit methods included in the promotion are bank transfers, funding with a credit or debit card, redirecting an MTCN to the account and Cash at an agent location. Excludes money movements between Western Union Digital Banking customers or within a Western Union Digital Banking account.

Purchases must be made in retail or e-commerce stores, and do not include account funding transactions, cash withdrawals or transactions for payments, currency exchange and money transfers.

Active promotions Terms and Conditions until and including 6th of January, 2023
1. Customer must open an account between 1st of October 2022 and 30th of November, 2022 and perform purchases worth 300 PLN and above with the Western Union Digital Banking Visa Platinum debit card during the 60 days following account activation. The purchases must be made in retail or e-commerce stores, and do not include account funding transactions, cash withdrawals or transactions for payments, currency exchange and money transfers. Bonus may take up to 40 days from when it is earned to be credited to customer account. Limited time offer valid until 30th of November 2022. Maximum sign-up bonus per customer is 150 PLN. This promotions will expire on the 31st of January.

2. There is a limit on the number of fee free transactions. Check our price list for details on number of free transfers and applicable fees thereafter. Western Union also makes money from currency exchange. Exchange rates are subject to change without notice.

